5.1.0 release (#264)
blackbaud/skyux-lists: CHANGELOG.md

# 5.1.0 (2022-02-03)

> - Added the `itemName` property to the repeater item to provide better accessibility labels. Fixed the repeater item controls to have descriptive aria labels and fixed the repeater item to no longer be focus-able. [#262](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-lists/pull/262)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `itemName` property to the repeater item to provide better accessibility labels. Fixed the repeater item controls to have descriptive aria labels and fixed the repeater item to no longer be focusable. [#262](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-lists/pull/262)
```
